Evergreen, you and me
Pretending to be cheap, I know it by heart
How can these private people know anything?
These private things
Isn't it enough to prove
Am I the real Lin Qianyu?
Then why did you commit suicide by taking poison on your wedding night?
My sister has been kind since she was a child
Life humor
How could it be possible to take poison on the wedding night
adulterer
You must have poisoned my sister
Oops evergreen
My head hurts!
I only remember when I woke up
In this coffin
I don't remember anything.
Do you think this memory is too terrifying?
So I forgot.
Is it evergreen
Will it?
Someone poisoned me
Evergreen
shut up
How could you have been poisoned?
After you fell in the bridal chamber
My daughter and I rushed later
Everyone saw it.
It was true that no one was there that day
Humph the sum of one hill
When I stabilize the situation
See how I treat you
Never mind.
Now I should know my identity
It doesn't make sense
If you still want to question the identity of this lady
Just show some real evidence
Don't waste time playing house like a child
At the Senate meeting of the Lin Consortium after 3 days
I will rediagnose the internal
Remember to come on time
All right.
Since you said so
Then let's get some real communication
Superintendent Li Shuchang of Haicheng still has some personal relations with you
Why don't you invite him over?
Continue to investigate the matter
Huanlin Mansion is innocent
Say it well
I'll arrange for someone to please
Miss Lin, please take a look.
I'm afraid it will take you a few more minutes.